Performance docs for Android (#2851)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/traces-sampler-as-sampler/android.mdx

```java
import io.sentry.android.core.SentryAndroid;

SentryAndroid.init(this,
  options -> {
    options.setDsn("___PUBLIC_DSN___");
    // To set a uniform sample rate
    options.setTracesSampleRate(1.0);
    // OR: Determine traces sample rate based on the sampling context
    options.setTracesSampler(
      context -> {
        CustomSamplingContext ctx = context.getCustomSamplingContext();
        if (ctx != null) {

>           if ("/payment".equals(ctx.get("url"))) {
>             // These are important - take a big sample
>             return 0.5;
>           } else if ("/search".equals(ctx.get("url"))) {
>             // Search is less important and happen much more frequently - only take 1%
>             return 0.01;
>           } else if ("/health".equals(ctx.get("url"))) {

Reviewer: Maybe something more "mobile"?

```suggestion
          if ("LoginActivity".equals(ctx.get("ActivityName"))) {
            // These are important - take a big sample
            return 0.5;
          } else if ("SearchActivity".equals(ctx.get("ActivityName"))) {
            // Search is less important and happen much more frequently - only take 1%
            return 0.01;
          } else if ("HealthCheckActivity".equals(ctx.get("ActivityName"))) {
```

Author: good catch, makes sense
